[Music]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[Music]
[Footsteps]
[Door Open]
[Footstep]
Get off my daughter!  - Dad. no!
What the... please don't... no!
[Music]
[music fading]
[inhales]
Hey. Sorino.
[exhales]
[inaudible]
How long I've been here?
Three days
Drove right when I heard.
Got to get back tonight.
Oh. my mom. she's going to leave-
I got a hold of her yesterday.
[inaudible]
[birds chirping]
Talked to your landlord.
Got to fix it up to  end of the month.
But I don't appreciate that you used my-
- I didn't use your name.
Credit.
My application would have been bust.
Otherwise. oh. fuck.
Why did you give them my social?
[exhales]
A little begging.
Not little. Bullshit.
[coughing]
Probably it wasn't easy to find.
She would've  just asked.
You would have said no.
I'm moving to Houston.
And I wanted you to come with.  I stay here because of her.
Where did that got you?
She stopped by.
Come on. man.
School's going to send homework from now on.
Say anything else?
No.
[sighs]
[faint music]
Mom. is he still here?
No.
Can you get dressed?
I don't need to be there.
It helps if you're there.
You mean. it looks good if I'm there.
I'm going to stop.
Once my back heals up. I'll stop.
[signs]
If my back hurts.
then I'm going to drop a little 40 hours.
And I can't work if my hours drop a little 40
the probation officer. like. Sarah. you know that
that can't happen.
It just can't.
Me knowing doesn't make it an excuse
It's not an excuse.
I just need to feel like I used to.
I need us to feel like we're used to.
Some of you have to work on your caps key.
We also need to work on writing things by hand with paper
and actual pens.  And in order to do this.
we're gonna be writing letters.
[class] Aaahhh.
Let me finish before you start to cry.
These are going to be your pen pals.
No addresses chosen randomly from participating
schools across the country.
As you can see. you have to write at least four letters
to them in the course of the semester.
And in order for me to grade these letters
we're going to be using this box.
You will drop off your sealed envelopes.
which I will send and mark as received as part of your grade.
And the other part is to see if your pen pal wrote you back.
And guys. this is important.
do not give out any personal information. none of that.
But aspire and enjoy it. We're going to have fun with this.
[bell ringing]
Thank you so much.
[class chattering]
[door open]
Your pen pal is in Tulsa. Oklahoma Central High School.
Your pen pal's name is Carlos.
[music]
Dear Carlos. is it weird to say dear?
The assignment says my greeting is supposed to be affectionate
whether I know you or not.
but I guess that's the point to get to know you.
So let's see. I'm a senior. born and bred in Baton Rouge.
I've  never left. but I'm dying to.
My playlist consists of anything with powerful lyrics.
Lourd. Billie Eilish. Florence. and The Machine.
Dear Sarah.
It was nice to get your letter.
Any distraction from this hospital room's
a good distraction.
Do you write a lot
because you read really well.
I don't write often. but I'll try.
I'm also a senior.
I was born in Mexico. but moved to Texas and then to Tulsa.
I don't think you'll like the type of music I listen to
but I love Slayer. Metallica. Linkin Park.
Dear Carlos. you can't just say hospital
and not say more. Are you all right?
Also. wow. You're a metal head? I didn't see that coming.
But if you're going to try writing.
then I'll try something new too.
I'm going to listen to Slayer. Line your  notes in hand and yes
I do write a lot. It's something I can control.
The words can be mine with no one able to barge in
and change them.
Little blue lines.
the only guides. everything else is just white.
and wide open space.
Sometimes being with people is lonelier than being alone
but I never feel lonely when I'm writing.
I love my best friend. but we couldn't be more different.
She's this place.
And she thinks it's enough.
Don't even get me started on her boyfriend.
Here's one friend though.
He's different. I know he's a good guy
but he sometimes gets pulled down into all the bad stuff.
It's hard. feeling like you're alone in the world around you.
Dear Sarah. it's awesome that you're going to listen to Slayer.
Most people. they wouldn't. They just say it's noise.
Wouldn't even bother to pay attention to the lyrics.
I'm looking forward to reading what you think.
even if you don't love them as much as I do.
As for the hospital room.
well. I just say you can't save everyone.
Lesson learned again.
Dear Carlos.
Dear Sarah.
[sighs]
I'm not sure if any of my letters are guaranteed anymore
I hope so. I know you're dealing with a lot.
This is probably the last time I write.
So I've included my number and address below.
I'm glad I got to know you. Sarah.
And I hope you're okay.
You once wrote that I'm not doing it all alone.
And neither are you.
Know that I'll always be a friend.
[music]
[guitar plucking]
[knocking on door]
All right.
[door open]
55 cents. - What?  - No postage.
So 55 cents. - Jesus. They just charge me for everything.
Here you go.
You have a great day.
[door close]
Dear Carlos. I killed him.
[intense music]
It's my fault. I wanted to ask for help
but I didn't know who to ask. I'm sorry
Remember me as a friend.
[suspense music intensifies]
[footsteps]
We're good. Caleb.  You didn't know.
But I mean. fuck.  you sure. we can do this?
We'll move them quick.
My guy can give us a script next weekend.
Week's a long time Jackson. and my uncle. if he finds out.
He won't. Caleb. Fuck.  It'll work.
Look. this is what we agreed to.
[inaudible] It will take an hour long.  All right?
It's a quick buck. real quick fucking bucks.
Sarah I've texted him.  Can we talk?
I don't know Mia.
Listen. what I did. I can't even begin to explain.
Then don't. Your explanation won't fix anything.
No Sarah. wait...
She's a piece of shit.
She didn't used to be.
That was before she slept with Mike.
Why are you standing up for her?
I'm not standing up for Zoe. I just... I just changed.
No. she changed and you got screwed over by it.
[keyboard clacking]
Dear Carlos. You're right. You can't save up a life.
But sometimes you can help.
You might think you're doing it all but you're not.
[water flowing]
Every letter you've sent matters. I feel like you get me.
And you're listening.  Being heard means a lot.
Especially at a time like this.
I'm sorry to leave you hanging.
So. the least I can say is. I'm listening.
I'm a friend who has her share of bruises too.
And I happily care just like you do.
[car engine starting]
[music playing]
Let him go!
Please. don't. no!
[moaning]
This doesn't mean anything.
We're just... We're just having fun.
I know.
I just wanna do this for you.
Heard you're not with Mike anymore.
You heard right.
Yeah. I get it.
I don't think you do.
No. I do.
Couldn't keep a girl like you happy.
Girl like me?
[stuttering] How. how you. how you act.
Talk.
You deserve better than this place.
You ain't like others.
But her.
I'm just saying. I see it. And I get it.
[door opening]
Dear Sarah.
No one's asked me about my [inaudible] memory.
but it was my first bike.
It was old with a long banana seat. meant for a girl.
but I didn't care.
I ripped off the front basket and it was mine.
I remember riding around at this lot
next to our apartment.
Crashing constantly.
That's flying each time I did
like the cartoons.
but the whole time my mom was right  behind me.
Hand on the seat. maid uniform still on. Smiling.
Like it was going to make me go faster.
I kept turning back to see her
and when I did that. I turned and I lost my balance.
She was there. Ready to let go when I had enough speed
or hang on when I didn't.
Yo um. you know
where the English teacher would be at?
Ah. yes. round the corner.
Round the corner? - Hmm-mm
Great bro. thank you.
Wait. to the left or the right after this?
To the right.
Okay. appreciate it.
How did she get your address?
I gave it to her.
You weren't supposed to. - I mean
you can't tell us to be friends and then just expect us to stop.
It's not fair.
[sighs]
I never read any of these.
I always just assumed students would write one line and send it.
But Sarah was-
[inaudible]
She was.
She had it in her yearbook meeting her term.
I was hoping she'd put her writing talents to use there.
But see. she did in these.
[sighs]
I like to help you. but I can't.
All I need is his number and email. anything.
If I give out personal information. I could lose my job.
I won't tell anyone.
What I can do.
is say that everyone's in the year book.
Even if they don't want to be.
[game whistle]
[suspenseful music]
There you are. Sarah Blake.
[suspenseful music intensifies]
[car engine starting]
[girls laughing]
I wonder why you always forget the last layer.
[inaudible] always looks better on you.
Through the night we rise in Paris. Lourd's [inaudible]
[scoffs]
What?
Nothing. They're just lyrics.
I don't know how you can stand that thoughtful
dream pop shit. - It's from Slayer actually.
Fuck. I can't even.
Your pen pal is turning you into a freak.
One letter at a time.
Carlos is just introducing me to something new.
[giggles]
The guys are here.
Let's go.
[club music playing]
[people chattering]
[laughing]
[giggling]
Do you want one? - No. I'm. okay.
Oh. gosh.
So you got a [inaudible] now. like a drink or something?
Yeah.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry for Mike and I.
[inaudible]
He cheated on me.
And you let him.
I know. but I want to fix what's between us.
I mean. whatever you need me to do.
The moment I needed you was when you had a choice.
Whether you pick him or me.
Then you chose.
[music intensifies]
[people laughing and talking]
Fuck!
Caleb!
[thuds]
[inaudible]
Stay where you're at man.
Don't be acting all dumb.
You ain't gonna do this alone.
Is anyone in there?
Go.
Not him.
Just you.
I do hear from fucking Ruby.
he was pushing behind my back. not
If I wanted to talk to y'all I'd do it in my own house
where your mama bandaged you but you won't man up.
Now we can do that.
Huh? You won't let your little friend handle it
like y'all were.
Man. get your ass back in that house.
Come on man. get in there.
Hey. look. man. Caleb and me we're going to
pay you back right where we-
Now my nephew's in there for a reason.
He's fucking dumb as shit but we're blood.
You need to convince me
not to do something about this cause
[inaudible]
We got a guy that's coming to it. the script.
We're pedaling yours.
15 for the tens 40 for the [inaudible].
We pay him and puts your trucks back without you
knowing we give money in between.
So you playing the game with my dogs?
Now how much you got left?
This ain't enough.
Yeah. no. man that's enough.
It was enough before you fucked me over.
And now I need double.
Double? Not fucking. that's impossible.
It's fucking generous.
Welcome to the table.
[groaning]
[heavy breathing]
[suspenseful music]
[grunting]
[loud music playing]
Sarah. you okay?
I'm fine. just...
I just need...
[suspenseful music]
[dog barking]
[door slide open]
[classical music playing]
Hello?
Gosh. Sorry.
You know. I get a little lost in here.
Do you want some coffee? It'll be ready in a few.
I have to have tea around here somewhere.
No. Um. where am I?
My shoes. phone. - It's okay honey.
You're safe.
And you're here so everything's fine.
Hello. I'm William Hayden. - She knows.
Diane.
Sarah Blake. - Sarah. That's wonderful.
How about we get your shoes and give you a minute.
Diane. maybe coffee.
I heard a noise. [inaudible]
so I went back to my cans again. but I found you.
Passed out.
Sorry.
No. no. It's none of my business.
I brought you in but Diane made sure you were. [inaudible].
[pensive music playing]
That's my daughter. Ella.
She's beautiful.
Yeah. she was.
She left for a friend's house almost three years ago.
She never got there.
She never came back.
The police?
They started off strong
but what else. the case was never closed.
And they never legally declared her so...
So they never found out what happened to her. - No.
I didn't mean to I'm sorry.
Yeah. Well. we are too.
Thank you for everything.
Wait.
The morning still carries a chill.
No. I couldn't. but thank you. - Here.
If you ever need anything.
you know where we are.
Dear Carlos.
My memory is amazing.
I remember when I was young. seven. maybe.
My friend and I would spread out our toys
on a carpet. Running down
a long hotel hallway.
The carpet had large blue stripes circling around
these green wisps like branches.
At one moment the design was a road.
Then little cars would speed around.
The next an ocean. where her brother's
action figures would swim fast distances
to save the Barbie we shared between us.
Carpet was whatever we wanted it to be.
Everyone else just stepped on our roads or oceans.
They didn't see that it was important for two little kids
and that it's still important to me.
[car door closes]
[suspenseful music]
[thuds]
[suspenseful music intensifies]
Hey. wait wait!
Wait!
Mom! Is it just you?
Yeah. It's just us. Kitten.
Baby girl come.
Come sit with me.
We don't sit and talk.
Did you eat?
No. there's nothing.
I got go to this door.
I just first. I just need to.
[grunts]
Kitten.
You have such pretty hair.
You got hair like your daddy.
Feels nice too.
Dear Sarah.
I don't know what to write.
It's... it's terrible.
I'm sorry.
Your mom was right there
but not in the way you need her to be. You deserve better.
Sometimes. I wish it was just that easy.
My mom still tells me over the phone.
[speaks in Mexican]
If you don't heal today.
you'll heal tomorrow.
It might not be better now
but it will be.
I promise.
Sarah. wait!
Wait. Hey. I got your letters.
Oh. my God. Nothing.
[crying]
Please don't hurt me I'll do whatever you want.
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
I'm not going to try to hurt you.
I just thought you were someone else.
I just want to talk. That's all.
Just talk.
Since you're right here...
It was already trashed when I got here.
Trailers don't have much copper in them.
So the beggars they don't attack them.
like they do the houses and in Neahwa Park.
Right.
And Sarah Blake.
Told you I don't know no Sarah.
Never seen her?
Do you know her?
So we warned her...
And Caleb couldn't find it anywhere.
No. he said he looked everywhere.
I'm sorry. I'll buy you another one.
I don't care about the sweater.
It always made me look [inaudible] anyways.
You don't know who it was?
No.
It happened so quick
he tried. he just stripped off the sweater
and I just ran.
Just got away.
I'll handle it.
We sold them and we ain't got double.
What about your car with the scripts?
They'll come through.
Fuck. Maybe we should've never done this.
Well. it's done. right?
We wanted this.
Not me. it's what you want.
And I was kind enough to cut you in.
and what is it that you've ever wanted that
you actually got without me?
Is it money?
Some place of your own?
Is it Sarah?
Now. I see it. but she don't bud. right?
And she never fucking will. if it wasn't for me
she wouldn't even be near you.
She wouldn't even fucking look at you.
Just lucky over there.
Lucky or not. it's weird.
Some girl's bedroom.
Covering you with stuffed animals?
[chuckles]
I can't remember the last time someone tucked me in.
They want me to come back. have dinner with them.
Crazy woman cooking. but...
No. she just. she wanted me to be someone else.
It's a free meal. I guess .
It's what's trying to keep me to come. though.
[laughing]
Kevin. looks like a CDS.
[inaudible] valium. Oxy. bullshit
Full bottles. - Christ.
Sounds like she needs a farm just to stay on both feet.
[laughing]
[fridge door closing]
Where did you get this?
Mom. stop-
What did you do for it? Huh?
What did you fucking do for this?
I didn't do anything for it.
What? What is it? - It's Zoe's.
Zoe lent it to me.
You have no idea what I go through every single day
for shit like this.
You never fucking know.
[music playing]
I'm gonna need you to do something for me.
[car engine starting]
He just needs you to steal some
only a few to come clean without them.
Half the kickers and perks. leave the rest
and all the lift with them.
Why did you have to tell him?
I didn't. I didn't.
Then why are you doing this?
It's not our problem.
It's his. there's.
You're asking me to crack something that I don't need to.
I'm asking you to help. he needs me
and I can't do this without you. please. For me.
Hi. Mr. Hayden.
[knocking on door]
What?
Good morning. I'm looking for. for Sarah Blake.
We don't know any Sarah.
Did she send that photo to you?
No. I found it at her house.
Surprised that shit still send them.
Sarah. does she ever reach out-
I haven't seen her or heard from her
in like a year so...
So you don't know where she's at?
I don't know or care.
But you used to care.
Yeah. So did she.
She used to talk about you. you know. about your letters.
Your Slayer shit.
I always thought you were itching to fuck her
but you never showed. - No it was never about that.
Did she ever mention me?
No.
She mentioned friends and
family but
it was mainly about her.
About her thoughts and her feelings.
You never knew what was going on inside of her head.
And everyone wanted to know. everyone
wanted to get to know Sarah.
She have any other
friends. family. Anybody else?
There's no one else.
Literally. anything you tell me
can help me. - I told you. I don't know anything.
You don't know or you can't tell me?
Can't do one without the other.
What fuck are you looking for?
I don't know what happened. but she wasn't home.
The last time I saw her. she wasn't there.
Where was she?
A house.
In Eden Park. Birds painted on the mailbox.
You're not going to find anything.
Maybe not.
But I'm already here.
You got money this time?
Someone's asking about Sarah.
What'd you tell him?
I'll make it worth your while. so...
No. I know you don't eat meat. so let me know
if the pota-
Sorry.
Sarah.
Just let me know if you need anything else.
Thank you. this looks amazing.
[classical music playing]
You know.
Diane hates when I do dishes and she says I never do them right.
My mom is telling me that one cooks. someone cleans.
Well. your mom sounds like a good woman.
You look so much like our daughter. Ella.
That's why I had to take and
bring you in that night.
And Diane. well. you noticed.
When Ella left us. Diane did too.
Would you mind if I stayed over?
It's just. um. my house is a little far and my mom. she...
Of course. you can.
You're the best thing that we could wake up to.
Even if tonight is the only night we could have dinner
with you.
I'm really glad you're here.
[pills rattling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[inaudible] stop.
[dog barking]
Dear Carlos.
I hope tomorrow's better.
I'm glad you think it will be.
You hear people say they want to be rich. famous. both.
And I find myself sometimes wishing to be something else.
Normal.
Like the community college student
working part-time at a grocery store.
It's not a big wish. Just a push to get
into a life that is better than the one we have.
Simple. safe.
[door knob rattling]
[metal clanking]
[birds chirping]
Hello?
Excuse me. do you know who used to live here?
Do you know? Who do-
[thuds]
[grunting]
You keep looking for the bitch
you're gonna wind up like she did.
No.
[grunting]
[car engine starting]
[tires screeching]
I'm sorry. okay.
[inaudible] busted you.
[inaudible whisper] do this for you. not for him.
[suspenseful music playing]
Get the hell out of my house right now!
We don't want [inaudible].
[thud]
[grunting]
[loud thud]
Sarah. wait.
[inaudible] is fucking gone.
[breathing heavily]
We need help! - We need to get him help!
[crying]
[panting]
Fuck. dude. Fuck. [inaudible]
We got what we needed. And we got out.
He just fell.
No. dude. - He fucking fell!
Let me out.
Jackson. let me out.
Let me fucking out!
[card door opens]
Sarah. wait!
You stay fucking sound. Don't say nothing.
We're all going to be fine. Just so long as you don't say
nothing.
Let go of me.
Jackson. let her go.
I will. I will.
But just know. we're all in this.
She didn't have to be. I was giving
you what you wanted.
And now. we have to call them
we need to tell them.
Oh. and tell them what?
Oh yeah. dinner with Ma and Pa
out of the kindness of your own heart?
You agreed to this.
You know. what happened there.
that was an accident. but don't
make it out to be more than it is.
You understand me?
She ain't wrong. man.
We. we can't just... - Yes. we fucking can!
[inaudible]
Fuck.
All this fucking [inaudible].
You stay fucking silent.
You understand?
Fuck you!
She won't say anything. man.
Sarah. nothing was supposed to happen.
What is this. Zo?
How can you do this to me?
I was doing this for you. not for him.
No [inaudible].
Just look in the trunk. Zoey.
Just fucking look. - What do you mean?
Wait. Sarah wait!
Mom?
I just need you to be here. please.
Dear Carlos.
Every surface of my life is dirty.
But I can't wipe it clean.
The filth just builds. hiding what's below until it's forgotten.
In a place where nothing reaches.
Friends. Sun.
Sounds.
Life.
I wonder if what's being hidden is broken beyond repair.
Cracks to the point where you
can't see who's looking back at you.
If you're the person you want to become. or the person
you're so scared of being. no one will let you in.
No one will forgive you.
Find you underneath the filth that you helped create.
[birds chirping]
And while we don't have all the details. at least two
were pronounced dead on the scene. with one
a yet to be identified teenager.
Gunshots were reported
late last night. but as of this airing
no suspects have been identified.
At least two were pronounced dead
on the scene with one. a yet to be identified teenager.
Did he send you?
Jackson's seen you going back there to her house.
So you never saw what was in his car?
What he was holding? -No. listen. this is important.
He thinks you're gonna talk
or tell someone.
Tell her what?
That it was my fault?
You know. I can't say anything. - Then at least stay away
from her.
I can't. she didn't deserve any of this.
And you're trying to make it right?
I'm just trying to get away from things in my life that
are wrong. - Including me.
If you stay with him. yes.
Just let her be. please.
[door opens and closes]
Where were you?
What do you mean. I was...
Yesterday?
I fucking waited for you.
I needed you to be there with me at my appointment.
I can't be well.
Without you. I can't make any of this work without...
I'm not a fucking excuse!
I'm not the reason you're like this. you're the fucking reason.
And my life just gets pulled down into it.
[slaps]
You need a fucking excuse.
What the hell is that huh?`
I'm not your father.
Tell everybody I did it.
You have no idea.
None. You don't know the pain that I've
been through every God damn day. trying to provide
for you.
You're sorry.
selfish. spoiled little ass.
It is [inaudible]
And I just want to provide for you.
What kind of providing is this?
I come home every day. not knowing what I'm going to get.
Sometimes I wish that you're still Goddamn high
that you'll just let me swing out of here
and never return.
Then fucking do it.
Leave. Get the fuck out.
You're not special.
You're not.
So why don't you just leave me here with the little
enjoyment I have left
because I don't need your judgment.
Fine.
You want enjoyment?
Fine!
This is what you are?
If this is more important than me
then the least that I could do is help.
Stop it. Stop it.
No. no. no.
You said that you wanted me to be a helpful. dutiful daughter.
[inaudible] Just stop it!
[crying]
I'm always there for you more than a daughter should be.
And for once. for once
I wish you'd be there for me.
[wailing]
Who was it? - I don't know. No. you do.
I told you. I don't know.
You do. you do.
And I was conveniently jumped for it.
I looked up what happened at the house.
Was it Sarah?
Did she die?
Please. I need to know.
I can't stop now. - She didn't stop.
I asked her to stop. to walk away.
God if she would've just listened to me
if she would've just not shut me out.
nothing would have happened.
So you know what happened.
[inaudible]
Worse is going to happen.
Maybe to meet.
I need to know what happened.
Who was it?
[door closes]
Mom?
[thud]
Hi.
Mom?
Did you take two eighties?
No. I wasn't supposed to be like this.
[inaudible whisper]
But he's [inaudible]
I wasn't supposed to be like this.
Just wanted you to be happy.
[sobbing]
Just want you to be happy.
I once loved your hair.
You're [inaudible] like your father.
[door opens and closes]
Your eye.
What happened to your eye?
It's nothing.
Wait. Ella Joan Hayden. he'd wait right...
I'm not your daughter! I'm not her!
She's not coming back!
Okay?
Trust me. you'd never want me as your daughter.
You'd never even considered me up for [inaudible].
[pensive music playing]
[car engine sound]
Nah. you can score over at Oaks junction.
I ain't here to score. - Then fucking leave.
I need to talk to you.
No. you need to get the fuck outta here.
It's important.
It ain't important to me.
Listen. we need to talk.
I'd ask you again.
You need to fucking get.
Caleb. is that...
Fuck did you just said? - We need to talk about Caleb.
[suspenseful music playing]
I'm sorry. Ella.
[footsteps]
Sarah. you gotta go.
You kind of grab everything right now and go.
Caleb. what do you mean?
He's here.
[pills rattling]
What are you doing?
I'm sorry.
I didn't think he...
[gun shot]
Aahh!
[intense suspenseful music]
Now I get why Jackson kept you high.
Keep you from being fucking trouble.
You got till I finish.
Alright.
What do you remember from that night?
Caleb took my gun. tried to swap some meds from abroad
in Eden Park. Got hairy. but she knows this.
So why the fuck do you care?
Cause Caleb never did that.
He went there to help.
Bullshit.
He went there cause he was fucking dumb.
[inaudible manned up. got himself fucking shot.
And who shot him?
The only one with a finger in a gun broads included
can stand their ground.
They never found a gun.
Every article. every report. they said the gun was never found.
Doesn't change the fact he got a bullet through his chest.
Hmm?
I told the cops. he took it. That's all they needed to know.
It don't matter to me if they can't find it.
But it's not lost.
Never was.
Why are you telling me this girl?
With him no less?
Cause we need to know.
About what?
Why he killed your nephew?
Maybe he did the same to Sarah.
[intense suspenseful music]
[panting]
[gun cocking]
Jackson. please!
[loud thud]
[Jackson grunting]
Aahh!
Go!
Ella. please. Go!
Sorry. Ella.
You got to get out of here.
Now.
[inaudible]
[gunshots]
Get him the fuck over here.
If you wanted that element of surprise
you should've parked around back.
Where's Adam? - He's out.
And I'm not the surprise.
Have a seat.
Where the fuck did you get those and that?
I'm here because you fucked up.
I said I'd pay the price for it.
I just need to know how high.
The Haydens. Caleb. - Caleb?
He just got in the way. - And Sarah?
Did you kill her too?
Did you kill them?
Why the fuck would I tell you that?
You're coming here.
got your chest fucking puffed.
Do you think that you're going to leave?
Yeah.
I want an answer.
This whole time that you're trying to act tough
I'm just trying to remember how many bullets I've left to
[inaudible]
[loud thud]
[gunshot]
Aahh!
if you find her. tell her I'm sorry about everything.
[car door opens and closes]
[dramatic music playing]
Fuck!
[panting]
Sorry. I'm just about done.
Sarah and I were friends for as long as we could remember.
My family owns this hotel and her mom worked here.
During her shifts. Sarah would come over
and we'd.. - Put on the carpet?
Yeah.
We'd be in our own innocent world.
Has stepping around us.
But then we grew up. They ruined it.
It happened just after this photo was taken.
She didn't talk to me for a while.
But then...  - She came here.
To ask for help.
[pensive music playing]
[sighs]
Go to the bathroom.
I've got clothes for you.
I think we're still the same size.
These are for tonight
and I've got a few more for tomorrow.
Thank you.
Is everything okay?
No.
Do you want to talk about it?
[sighs]
The next day she left. took a bus. gave me your address.
told me to wait to send a letter after a year.
With nothing and trace back to me. I guess
She said that if it was meant to make it to you. it would.
Did she tell you where she was going?
No. I tried. but she wanted to protect me. us. I think.
Someone she shouldn't have forgiven
but dead and someone she never met.
That was Sarah.
She was... - A friend.
Are you gonna keep looking?
I don't know where to look.
Here on my last.
Thank you.
I'm glad that she. she wasn't alone.
She had you.
No. just keep that.
For you to remember her by.
Ella.
Ella Hayden.
She said that she felt better as her.
[car door opens and closes]
[serene music playing]
[The Glass Parade playing]
[END]